---
title: "操作员工完成入职"
source_url: https://open.feishu.cn/document/corehr-v1/pre_hire/complete
last_remote_update: 2024-07-15
last_remote_update_timestamp: 1721042445000
---
最后更新于 2024-07-15

# 操作员工完成入职

操作待入职员工完成入职，正式入职建立员工和公司/组织的雇佣关系

## 请求
名称 | 值
---|---
HTTP URL | https://open.feishu.cn/open-apis/corehr/v2/pre_hires/:pre_hire_id/complete
HTTP Method | POST
接口频率限制 | [1000 次/分钟、50 次/秒](https://open.feishu.cn/document/ukTMukTMukTM/uUzN04SN3QjL1cDN)
支持的应用类型 | 自建应用、商店应用
权限要求  
            **调用该 API 所需的权限。开启其中任意一项权限即可调用** | 完成入职(corehr:pre_hire:complete)

### 请求头

名称 | 类型 | 必填 | 描述
--- | --- | --- | ---
Authorization | string | 是 | `tenant_access_token`  
**值格式**："Bearer `access_token`"  
**示例值**："Bearer t-7f1bcd13fc57d46bac21793a18e560"  
[了解更多：如何选择与获取 access token](https://open.feishu.cn/document/uAjLw4CM/ugTN1YjL4UTN24CO1UjN/trouble-shooting/how-to-choose-which-type-of-token-to-use)

### 路径参数

名称 | 类型 | 描述
--- | --- | ---
pre_hire_id | string | 待入职ID,可从[待入职列表](https://open.feishu.cn/document/uAjLw4CM/ukTMukTMukTM/corehr-v2/pre_hire/search)接口获取  
**示例值**："7345005664477775407"

## 响应

### 响应体

名称 | 类型 | 描述
--- | --- | ---
code | int | 错误码，非 0 表示失败
msg | string | 错误描述
data | \- | \-
success | boolean | 是否成功完成入职

### 响应体示例
```json
{
    "code": 0,
    "msg": "success",
    "data": {
        "success": true
    }
}
```

### 错误码

HTTP状态码 | 错误码 | 描述 | 排查建议
--- | --- | --- | ---
500 | 1161000 | Server system error | 系统出现问题，如需帮助，请咨询[技术支持](https://applink.feishu.cn/TLJpeNdW)。
400 | 1161001 | invalid job_level_id | please check job_level_id
400 | 1161002 | invalid job_family_id | please check job_family_id
400 | 1161003 | invalid job_id | please check job_id
400 | 1161004 | invalid offer_hr_id | please check offer_hr_id
400 | 1161005 | invalid direct_leader_id | please check direct_leader_id
400 | 1161006 | invalid onboarding_location_id | please check onboarding_location_id
400 | 1161007 | invalid office_location_id | please check office_location_id
400 | 1161008 | invalid recruitment_type_id | please check recruitment_type_id
400 | 1161009 | invalid employee_type_id | please check employee_type_id
400 | 1161010 | invalid employment_type_id | please check employment_type_id
400 | 1161011 | invalid duration_type_id | please check duration_type_id
400 | 1161012 | invalid singing_type_id | please check singing_type_id
400 | 1161013 | invalid social_security_city_id | please check social_security_city_id
400 | 1161014 | invalid company | please check company
400 | 1161015 | invalid department_id | please check department_id
400 | 1161016 | duplicate personal_id_number | please check personal_id_number
400 | 1161018 | invalid contract_type | please check contract_type
400 | 1167037 | duplicate phone number | please check phone
400 | 1161026 | Email is duplicate with an active individual in the system | please check email
400 | 1161027 | Email is duplicate with a Pre-hire in the system | please check email
400 | 1161028 | Phone is duplicate with an active individual in the system | please check phone
400 | 1161029 | Phone is duplicate with a Pre-hire in the system | please check phone
400 | 1161030 | offer_id does not exist, please try again | please check offer_id
400 | 1161031 | \"ID number\" is duplicate with a Pre-hire in the system | please check ID number
400 | 1161032 | Please fill in a valid international area code | please check international area code
400 | 1161033 | Please fill in a valid mobile number | please check mobile number
400 | 1161034 | Incorrect work email format. Please fill in a valid email address. | please check work email
400 | 1161035 | Incorrect work email domain. | please check work email
400 | 1161036 | Work email is duplicate with an active individual in the system. | please check work email
400 | 1161037 | Work email is duplicate with a pre-hire in the system. | please check work email
400 | 1161038 | Work email is duplicate with an offboarded individual in the system. | please check work email
400 | 1161039 | Incorrect purpose of location. Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected location
400 | 1161040 | Incorrect purpose of Onboarding address. Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected onboarding address
400 | 1161041 | Incorrect purpose of Onboarding location. Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected onboarding location
400 | 1161042 | Incorrect purpose of Office address. Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected office address
400 | 1161043 | Incorrect purpose of Office location. Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected office location
400 | 1161044 | Incorrect purpose of Work location. Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected work location
400 | 1161045 | Incorrect purpose of Social security city(China only). Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected social security city(China only)
400 | 1161046 | Incorrect purpose of Social Security City. Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected social security city
400 | 1161047 | Incorrect purpose of Provident Fund City. Please fill in the information again. | please check the purpose of the selected provident fund city
400 | 1161048 | employee number is duplicated. | please check employee number
400 | 1161049 | employee number format is not match. | please check employee number
400 | 1161050 | Unable to fill in staff ID as the auto coding rule has been enabled. | please check auto number rule
400 | 1161051 | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Onboarding address and Onboarding location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again. | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Onboarding address and Onboarding location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again.
400 | 1161052 | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Office address and Office location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again. | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Office address and Office location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again.
400 | 1161053 | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Office address and Work location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again. | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Office address and Work location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again.
400 | 1161054 | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Office location and Work location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again. | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Office location and Work location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again.
400 | 1161055 | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Office address, Office location, and Work location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again. | No hierarchical relationship exists between the entered Office address, Office location, and Work location. Please confirm the information in "Org Management - Location" and fill in the information again.
400 | 1161056 | The department uses the job, the job is required | The department uses the job, the job is required
400 | 1161057 | The department does not use the job, the job must be empty | The department does not use the job, the job must be empty
400 | 1161058 | personal phone, person email, national id, bank account, worker id or work email is duplicated with an existing pre-hire | personal phone, person email, national id, bank account, worker id or work email is duplicated with an existing pre-hire
400 | 1161059 | personal phone, person email, national id, bank account, worker id or work email is duplicated with an existing employment | personal phone, person email, national id, bank account, worker id or work email is duplicated with an existing employment
400 | 1161063 | workforce has exceed | workforce has exceed
400 | 1161064 | According to auto number rules, this individual cannot generate Employee ID. Please go to "Feishu People-Settings-HR Settings-Auto Number Settings" to modify the rules. | According to auto number rules, this individual cannot generate Employee ID. Please go to "Feishu People-Settings-HR Settings-Auto Number Settings" to modify the rules.
400 | 1161065 | Employee ID generation failed, please try again later or contact customer service. | Employee ID generation failed, please try again later or contact customer service.
400 | 1161066 | The company or workforce type  is empty. Unable to generate staff ID according to the automatic coding rules. | The company or workforce type  is empty. Unable to generate staff ID according to the automatic coding rules.
400 | 1161068 | The Job is invalid. | The Job is invalid.
400 | 1161069 | The Job family is invalid. | The Job family is invalid.
400 | 1161070 | The Job level is invalid. | The Job level is invalid.
400 | 1161071 | The job and job family doesn't match. | The job and job family doesn't match.
400 | 1161072 | The job and job level doesn't match. | The job and job level doesn't match.
400 | 1161073 | The job doesn't match job family or job level. | The job doesn't match job family or job level.
400 | 1161074 | The job family and level doesn't match. | The job family and level doesn't match.
400 | 1161075 | The 'Contract end date' calculated based on the 'Contract start date' and 'Contract term' is inconsistent with the value entered. Please check. | The 'Contract end date' calculated based on the 'Contract start date' and 'Contract term' is inconsistent with the value entered. Please check.
400 | 1161076 | The additionalNationalities contains main nationality | The additionalNationalities contains main nationality
400 | 1161077 | The additionalNationalities duplicate | The additionalNationalities duplicate
400 | 1161078 | The citizenshipStatus duplicate | The citizenshipStatus duplicate
400 | 1161079 | invalid additional_nationality_id | invalid additional_nationality_id
400 | 1161080 | invalid citizenship_status_id | invalid citizenship_status_id
400 | 1161081 | invalid user_geo | invalid user_geo
400 | 1161092 | Abnormal information check fail | Abnormal information check fail
400 | 1161097 | Permission denied, please contact the administrator | Permission denied, please contact the administrator
400 | 1161099 | Can not complete onboard,as tasks are not complete all | Can not complete onboard,as tasks are not complete all
400 | 1161100 | Determine whether to "rehire" before confirming onboarding | Determine whether to "rehire" before confirming onboarding
400 | 1161101 | Onboarding date is required. Please enter it and try again | Onboarding date is required. Please enter it and try again
400 | 1161102 | employment check error | employment check error
400 | 1161103 | contract check error | contract check error
400 | 1161104 | This individual is on the blocklist | This individual is on the blocklist
